   
 

 AnalyzeYOURtext..........

  Analyzeyourtext is a text utils webapp made in python django framework using html css and  bootstrap framework. Here you can custom your text accordings to your needs . Texutils provide differnet types feautres such as change text to uppercase as well as lower case, Remove punctuations, Remove extra space, Copy text , Clear text , Remove new lines, characters and words counts. This website is not currently live but entire code of this website available  on my github  account. I will host soon this I hope  this website would  helpful  for  everyone.
 

NwesTimes............

NewsTimes is a react and single page application  . It has made in react js and using HTML,CSS,Javascript and most important one is "News api ".This is very helpful webapp to everone for daily  purpose.. Because  it is  a news app you can read out the news of different category such as general , entertainment , sports , health , politics , technology  and many more . Here i  am using  news api which is used by Newstimes react app. This react app uses NEWS API for fetching data  and display news articles  over this app.It is amazing and useful project .To be honest i am also using this app to read news  whenever i need . I hope you will like this react app  and it will useful for you  as like as me ... 


fews Other projects...

1. ananlyzeYourText (Using react Js)..
 
  This is textutils website using react js. It provides many text utility tools where you  can change your text and analyze it. Also you can switch into light and dark mode according your needs .

2. foodBlogs  ...

   It is django python framework project.. here is the latest blogs are updated about the different category of foods and here you can contact us page which is helful for you to contact us ...

3. authantication System ..

 It is also django mini project and here you can login or logout with your password and username... if you eneterd the corect password and username the you will redirect  at homepage of this website  and accsess your some essential infromation ..

4. imageUploader ....


 Image uploder is django mini project. Here  you can upload your favourites photos and image via imageuploader . Your image will be upload and saved in the particular Database   .. 


5. tic tac toe 
 
  This is javascript project  and it is made in pure html css and javascript .. it is amazing and funny game  
  it is also known as " zero kattas "  mostly we all have played this game  in childhood and i think i have  not need to describe this game furthermore  because we all know about it beforehand ..
 

 6. It is my Portfolio website . It using Fontened Technology such as  html, css, javascript and Bootstrap  . It is working good and fully functional.  Apart of that it is fully responsive. Here you find out necessary information about me  such as My educations , My skils and all My latest projects and acheivements .Even you can contact me through it. It can be access in any device easily and work great. My portfolio's   live now  by help of github pages on my github account. All source code of this website are available on my github account. I will update it with some new features and fix common bugs. I hope you will  love  it and appreciate . If you have any suggestions about it please tell  me. You can also joined me on github and sent me pull request .I am grateful to you. Thankyou !